hello youtubers I recently made an
astounding discovery that will surely
thrill all of you Nexus 7 and Angry Bird
lovers
I'm sure you guys were as disappointed
as I was to find out that Angry Birds go
is not available or not compatible with
the Nexus 7 and you can see that if you
go into their store I'd already googled
it previously and you click on it it'll
open in the Google Play Store and that
will give you this message up here that
says it is not compatible right here
this device isn't compatible with this
version of Angry Birds go and that was
pretty sad for me as well as the kiddos
because we love Angry Birds and we were
really anxious to play it but I've
recently found a very easy way to get
Angry Birds go on your Nexus 7 anyway
and it's very easy and it works nicely
the what you have to do is you have to
install it through the Amazon App Store
which I have installed on my device
right here if you don't have it
installed see my other video on how to
install the Amazon App Store on your
Nexus 7 device the first thing that you
need to do even before you go into the
App Store is you need to go into your
settings into the security menu and
click on this little button right here
that says unknown sources it says allow
installation of apps from sources other
than the Play Store make sure that is
clicked it'll give you a little warning
message here you press ok the apps from
the Amazon App Store are safe and then
you open your Amazon App Store you press
the Search button you begin to press
Angry Birds
go and as you can see it's already
appeared up here at the top you click on
the free and get app it will download
and then you press in next look at your
permissions install it will install to
your device now as it's installing I
would like to kind of throw a little
sidenote out there I have this installed
on my other device and it is a little
bit laggy at times and that could be the
reason that they didn't make it
available on the Nexus 7 but as you'll
see this workaround it works quite
nicely and the lag is only periodic it's
not all the time you still have really
good functionality on the game and it's
a lot of fun so it should be done
installing here any second now also one
thing that I noticed when you open the
game for the first time at least on my
other device it did give me an error so
all I did is I exit it out there and
reopen the app and it worked again
nicely so we will see at this time if we
run into that same problem here as soon
as this game installs okay it's
installed now I'll press open
you
I don't know if you can read this button
at the beginning that said calculating
upload and then it just changed to
installing update and then finally it
popped up here Angry Birds go now when I
install this on my other device this is
where I got the error so if you guys get
an error here you just press ok and
cancel out of it and you will want to
open the game back up and everything
should work nicely
and there you have it there's Angry
Birds go so now we'll just go in and
play real quick so you guys can see a
level what it looks like it's pretty
much like any other racing game except
for there's no speeding up it's all like
a downhill go-kart race it's pretty fun
my kids and I have enjoyed it very much
so you can choose whether you want to
steer by tilting or touching of course
on a tablet you want to tilt it kind of
defeats the purpose otherwise and so you
just go down through the level like this
and you have fun see how it's stalling
on me a little bit it doesn't usually do
that hopefully once we get rolling it
will stop and there we go there's the
first level alrighty guys there you have
it there's Angry Birds go on the Nexus 7
tablet I hope you guys enjoy if you like
this video please press the like button
and subscribe to my channel I'd
appreciate a whole bunch